hi so Wes Anderson is that one dude
who's so obsessed with the stop-motion
style that he does it with real people
but I think that whenever he does it
with animation he gets into so much
detail and in my opinion I think he does
it even better than with his first one
so much so that I believe this movie is
a solid combo price unless I'm not
allowed to like it since others are
offended let me explain
so this is supposed to be a fictional
Japan you know like the ones in Godzilla
where all the dogs are being deported to
an island because of a big government
conspiracy you got these dudes who are
tatted and they're touting their cats as
they've built an army of Robo dogs they
want to release out there you also have
a resistance who believes the government
is the one poisoning and spreading the
dog flu and then you got the dogs who
have practically created their own
ghetto and they're starting up gangs now
I know it may be corny to say this but I
thought this movie was a treat I like
how it's super dark yet delightful at
the same time I love the dog with the
barbershop rumors who I think should get
their own show but what I love most of
all is that I don't even care about dogs
and this almost made me want one almost
I mean they held special screenings for
this movie where people can take their
own dogs to go see it and I thought that
was the perfect move for this movie so
you have a kid named Atari in the film
who's the mayor's nephew that gets
adopted after his parents die
they even give him a dog named spot
who's supposed to be his guard and when
they take him away my boy flies over to
the island in order to look for him
that's the kind of movie you want to
watch with your dog on top of that you
also have another stray dog named chief
who isn't just spots lost long brother
but someone who was never loved someone
who never had a purpose until he sets
out to help this boy right here when
they finally find spot home he's got a
family and a mortgage so he gives chief
his Google dog translator so he can be
the new guard dog and they almost killed
me with this line was either runt not
anymore
they then of course I'll return the
government and release all the dogs
after giving them the serum but they
forget to address the cultural
appropriation now while I do think it's
a fantastic movie and again it's one
since the stop-motion is done so well
you have to watch it you have to
experience it I can't just explain it to
you but at the same time Who am I to say
what other people can be offended by
right
I still have an opinion and that goes a
little bit like this that
I'm not gonna ignore the fact that there
is a Japanese writer just because other
people oh no want to see him as a token
Japanese writer a Japanese cast that I
found very interesting some people keep
complaining they want to see in movies
but but they don't know the cast in this
movie but it's a fictional story you
know I have heard people complaining
that the kid can be named Atari because
they had an Atari growing up but that
you know there are people also named
Jose when I'm Mexican that it's very
interesting to see some people who are
complaining about this one we're
completely okay with Kill Bill because I
guess they didn't have a blog yet to
make some adsense money but most of all
is the fact that a lot of us out there
seems to be confusing the words cultural
appropriation with cultural appreciation
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious know your thoughts
down below in the comment section again
this is my point of view if there's
something in the movie that really
offended you you're gonna let me know
anyway down below in the comments
section but I'm curious to know which is
that about the movie itself I thought it
was delightful I thought it was great
again it made me want a dog I don't even
want a dog let me know your thoughts
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you some Scooby Snacks